I had the craziest dream last night that
a girl
a swan but our Prince Falls for the
wrong girl when she kills herself
he Brahmas to feature me more this
season well he should you've been there
long enough and you're the most
dedicated dancer in the company or new
Swan queen
the exquisite Nina Sayers I'm Lily
you're gonna be amazing how much the way
she moves essential she's not faking it
seduces attack hit attack aids come on
where'd you get these it's nothing you
sweet girl feel my touch respond to it
as soon as hard for teacher I don't want
to talk about that we really need to
relax it's the role isn't it it's all
this pressure and you would be too much
I knew it what's she doing here
he made me here alternate the only
person standing in your way is you
[Music]
hey no wireless I have my ways
just have to be
nobody's after you
please believe me what happened to my
sweet girl
she's gone
[Music]